He had been drinking and driving and he was disqualified from driving for six months.  
She was disqualified from a competition when she refused to empty her pockets after a letter disappeared.  
The law was finally enacted today.  
The state death penalty law was enacted in 1972.  
The law on sentencing came into play.  
He was heavily fined for speeding.  
The company was heavily fined for polluting the rivers water.  
He was not only thrown into jail but also heavily fined.  
He didn’t like the cake; consequently, he threw it all away.  
Sarah decided not to use a map; consequently, she got lost and never found her way out of the forest.  He didn’t study for his test; consequently, he failed.  
The government wont ever legalize the drugs trade.  
He’s not worried because he has a solid evidence.  
There is reasonably solid evidence against him.  
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was her first offence.  
The judge took into consideration that he used no violence in the commission of his crime.  
Why do you confine me?
Is it cruel to confine a bird in a cage?
He failed to comply with the requirements of non-custodial sentences.  
All employees in the company must comply with our guidelines.  
The crime rate is decreasing in Canada.  
This country has the fastest-growing crime rate in the world.  
As result of more unemployment, the crime rate in the area is increasing.  
The number of offenders has climbed in many countries over recent decades.  
The more laws, the more offenders.  
A person who commits a crime is a criminal.  
He committed a terrible crime.  
Those people who use copyright material without the permission of the author will be fined.  
He was sentenced to 7 years in prison,  but was released after 5 years for good behaviour.  
Some prisoners who are sentenced to jail for life will never be released.  
If you have an obligation to do something, it is your duty to do that thing.  
We have a legal obligation to pay our taxes.  
Tom didn’t fulfil his obligations.  
Were having a lottery to raise money for homeless families. 
There is an increasing number of homeless people living in our city.  
He started stealing as a way of making easy money.  
Some criminals steal from banks or houses as a way to make easy money.
It is believed by some that out of the huge number of criminals, only a small proportion of them execute it intentionally and most of them do it considering it as necessary. 
Thus, police and punishment system do not have to do in decreasing prevalence of crimes. 
To begin, certain situations that some people had, makes them vulnerable to commit crimes. 
This means that either a person has a well-off or poorly deprived socio-economic and family status, creates a significant impact to his or her decision to engage in crimes. 
Consequently, those with depressed situations affect their contentment in lives and caused them to get involve in unlawful activities such as robbery, kidnapping, drug pushing and even murdering. 
For example, a recent study conducted by Scene of the Crime Operatives in the Philippines showed that 88% of the robbers stated that they commit such crime because of poverty.
Furthermore, the policing and prison system became less effective if the criminals are more motivated to perform crimes. 
This is due to the fact that despite the effort that the government has implemented to decrease crimes such as putting up of CCTVs and assigning more police in an area, there is still a high criminal activity rate recorded. 
In addition, current punishment methods need to be more rigorous such as more years of imprisonment or even capital punishment to deter the criminals from committing crimes. 
For instance, a study conducted by Crime Patrol in China showed that 46% of the criminals are known repeat offender.
In conclusion, crime became a constant problem because of innate situations that some people had, making them at greater risk in becoming a criminal. 
As a result, this motivation, makes policing methods to be irrelevant in lessening circumstances of crime. 
In my view, I fully agree with these current scene and this should be prioritized by authorities to create a more peaceful society to live in.
It has been said that some of the few people who execute a crime do so because they don't have a choice and this lessens the significance of law enforcers and the police to lower crime rates. 
While it can be true that this situation is inevitable, I firmly believe that committing a crime is a conscious choice and the police authorities still have an important role in preventing the rise of criminality.
Some people speculate that others engage in unlawful acts because of uncontrollable circumstances. 
People who are caught in this situation admit that they do such thing because they don't have any other possible options or solutions to the problems they are facing. 
One example is a father who does not have money to send his very sick child to the hospital. 
His relatives and friends would no longer lend him money because he already has existing debts from them. 
Since his child needs to be rushed to the hospital, he decided to steal money from a store. 
Hence, the father committed theft even though he does not want to just to save his ill child.
However, proven that people sometimes are prone to having wrong decisions when faced with pressure or trials in life, the decision to perform the act of crime is still one's choice. 
He may say that he has no choice during that time he does the act but only because he cannot think properly due to the presence of a lot of factors such as social pressure, personal grudges, emotional disturbances or financial problems. 
For instance, when a husband accidentally killed his wife while having a dispute, he still has a choice not to kill her but because of his emotionally unstable state during the incident, he was forced to do it. 
Despite this, the police enforcement is still relevant in controlling the number of crimes. 
People who break the law because of their own choice cannot be controlled by the police officers but that does not mean that they lose their relevance in the society. 
Police are there to enforce the law and therefore whoever breaks them shall be given proper punishment by the right autority. 
By doing so, most people, if not all, will still be hesitant to perform an unlawful act.
Overall, although some crimes are not intentionally done by people, they are still considered crimes and therefore the role of the police officers shall remain significant to control these. 
A few years back, a YouTube video showed a homeless man on a street approaching a person in a car with a phone camera. 
When prompted, the homeless man produced a flawless voice for radio. The video became an instant viral hit, and the man became a celebrity.
Now let's say someone hacked his computer and stole posted private pictures online. 
Could we claim that his ‘fame’ and ‘fortune’ meant he had none of the privacy protections? Did he have fame? Was he rich? 
These and other unanswered questions make it difficult to recommend that celebrities lose all right to privacy.
Firstly, even with existing privacy laws, one can see how media intrusions into the private lives of celebrities – though technically legal – can directly lead to harm. 
Famously, Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain directly blamed his suicide on his fame, perpetuated by the media.
Secondly, the definition of a celebrity is constantly mutating and unclear, especially in a digitally connected world. 
People become instant viral sensations, only to sink into obscurity immediately after. 
For instance Ken Bone became a celebrity by asking a unifying question during a 2016 presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, but only for a few weeks.
Finally, just because a person is famous doesn't mean that they are rich. 
The man with the golden voice was famous, but poor, and there is no indication he gained enough of a fortune to qualify as exempt from privacy protection.
While it may seem tempting to deny a person a fundamental right on the basis of certain privileges, it's worth considering that they already give up their rights to some extent. 
The golden voiced man has the right to privacy, and yet his entire story was revealed to the world with or without his consent. 
In this and many other situations, the claim that celebrities should not expect to be protected by privacy laws seems callous at best.
Crime is a serious and growing problem in most societies. 
Although many people believe that the best way to tackle this is to place people in prison for longer periods, others are of the opinion that other measures will be more effective.
There are benefits of giving offenders longer prison sentences. 
Firstly, spending a long time in prison provides an opportunity for the prison services to rehabilitate a prisoner. 
For example, someone who has committed a serious offence such as assault will need a long time in prison in order to be sure they can be re-educated not to re-offend. 
In addition to this, longer prison sentences will act as a deterrent for someone who is thinking of committing a crime.
However, some people argue that leaving people in prison for a long time means that they will mix with other criminals and so their character will not improve. 
One alternative is community service. 
This gives an offender the opportunity to give something positive back to society, and so it may improve their character. 
Also, the government could focus its resources on the causes of crime, which would lead to less crime in the future.
In my opinion, it is important to look at alternative methods. 
Many countries have lengthy prison sentences, but crime has continued to increase throughout the world, so it is clear that this is not completely effective. 
That said, long prison sentences should remain for those who commit serious crimes such as assault or murder, as justice for the victim and their family should take priority.
To conclude, there are good arguments for and against long sentences, so governments must continue to research the various methods of crime reduction to ensure effective policies are in place.
Some people believe that animals should be treated in the same way humans are and have similar rights, whereas others think that it is more important to use them as we desire for food and medical research. 
This essay will discuss both points of view.
With regard to the exploitation of animals, people believe it is acceptable for several reasons. 
Firstly, they think that humans are the most important beings on the planet, and everything must be done to ensure human survival. 
If this means experimenting on animals so that we can fight and find cures for diseases, then this takes priority over animal suffering. 
Furthermore, it is believed by some that animals do not feel pain or loss as humans do, so if we have to kill animals for food or other uses, then this is morally acceptable.
However, I do not believe these arguments stand up to scrutiny. 
To begin, it has been shown on numerous occasions by secret filming in laboratories via animal rights groups that animals feel as much pain as humans do, and they suffer when they are kept in cages for long periods. 
In addition, a substantial amount of animal research is done for cosmetics, not to find cures for diseases, so this is unnecessary. 
Finally, it has also been proven that humans can get all the nutrients and vitamins that they need from green vegetables and fruit. 
Therefore, again, having to kill animals for food is not an adequate argument.