Chloe excels in humanities subjects. She's adept at arts and languages.  
Mark doesn't like scientific subjects, he's just too lazy to learn formulas.  
Although I'm not the smartest in my group, I often get an A for effort, because I try hard.  
I will receive my bachelor's degree in two years.  
I'm a real bookworm. I won't stop until the book is read.  
Distance learning is more flexible than traditional , because students don't have to attend classes and can schedule their timetables as they want.  
My friend is an eager beaver. He studies everything with pleasure and gets great marks.  
When I was a kid, face-to-face classes had no alternatives, but nowadays a myriad of al establishments offer online courses and individual tuition.  
I plan on getting higher education after finishing school.  
I'm on my third year in the university, it is time to finally hit the books.  
Individual tuition is sometimes more effective than group work.  
A few years ago I took an intensive French course in the university.  
Before I went into design industry, I took an internship in a company.  
Master's degree is often important to find a job with a higher salary.  
Nowadays it's not uncommon to face a mature student in the class. People often change professions and get a second or third degree in their mid-thirties.  
Maybe John isn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's a good friend nonetheless.  
My friend finished a public school a few years ago.  
Sam made a schoolboy error on his English test.  
My brother studied in a single-sex school.  
A small fraction of students managed to pass this exam.  
It is hard to find a good state school nowadays.  
My math teacher was a real subject specialist. Thanks to him math is my favourite subject now.  
Hugo is a teacher's pet, he attends all classes and manages to get good marks with poor knowledge.  
Pupils in a primary school study the three R's.  
In my college, students need to attend classes five times a week.  
Mary was ill for two weeks, so she fell behind with her studies.  
I launched a project a couple of days ago and I want my friends to give me some feedback.  
Sometimes I like to goof around, although my parents scold me for that.  
Last year I had to learn a very big poem by heart for my literature class.  
Unfortunately, we weren't able to meet the deadline for our project.  
I'm studying hard and I will pass IELTS with flying colours.  
During my school years I often played truant with my friends.  
Lora would like to pursue studying in the future to become a professor.  
I need to set aside some time to collect my thoughts.  
Tomorrow I'll have to sit a two-hour math exam.  
My friend took a year out and went traveling to the UK.  
I had to pay tuition fees this summer.  
Therefore, with the aim of providing more opportunities for the next generation future, it is a must for high schools to allow their students to develop knowledge and skills in various contexts. 
Let us not forget that one talent should not be restricted to one category, or be based on one gender.
Specialising in limited areas of interest early does not necessarily reap positive effects the counterargument is that exploring a topic in great depth when still young established the foundation for expertise. 
If students are first equipped with different types of skills before embarking on a specialized journey in university, I am confident that they will be more likely to outperform their counterparts in their future workplace. 
In terms of providing a Comprehensive, learning experience, high school is an ideal platform where students gain rudimentary knowledge on an array of subjects. 
Learning a diverse range of subjects is conducive to students at a young age in the sense that it not only lets students have a better understanding of what each subject looks like but also allows them to experiment with more fields so as to figure out their strengths and weaknesses. 
I believe that to truly provide the gateway to success for students, a well-rounded education system should top our priority list. 
Given the importance of discovering one genuine interests, I will examine how students benefit from extensive  before entering university while discussing how focusing on specific subjects prematurely impede students eventual expression of freedom. 
In terms of providing a comprehensive learning experience, high school is an ideal platform where students gain rudimentary knowledge on an array of subjects. 
I will examine how students benefit from extensive  before entering university while discussing how focusing on specific subjects prematurely impedes students eventual expression of freedom. 
While many consider that students own the privilege to explore as many subjects as they can, others maintain that these future pillars of society should focus on a few subjects for their future careers.
I believe that to truly provide the gateway to success for students, a well-rounded  system should top our priority list. 
Besides, it is not guaranteed that all students are capable of determining their vocation at such an early age, because they are still in the process of exploring and self-discovery. 
Yet, we still have to bear in mind that it takes a great deal of time for one to locate where his or her natural talents and passions converge. 
It is, therefore, not hard to envision that students will suffer from early specialisations, as they will be deprived of the freedom to voice their opinions, and even worse, falling prey to parental controls. 
Focusing on specific subjects prematurely will impede! students eventual freedom.
Due to gender stereotypes, boys are more inclined to study math than girls are, and girls generally express greater interest in art subjects. 
With education being a means for students to unleash their potential and pursue their dreams, there has been heated debate about whether or not it is beneficial for older school students to learn a wide range of subjects. 
he won a scholarship at the age of 16 and was teaching physics at 19.,
she won a scholarship to study law at harvard university.
many students qualify for admission to the university this year.,
he submitted an application for admission to the university.,
she applied for admission to the club.
the college awarded him a grant of $50,000 to study law at harvard university.,
he was granted money to buy a house.
the trust and bond between a teacher and students create a perfect learning environment.,
my school is the perfect learning environment.
i am going to study abroad next year, but i don't know where.,
study abroad nowadays is one of the fastest ways to enter and settle in your favourite countries.
some students decide to take a gap year before they begin university.,
after finishing school, she took a gap year and travelled through the uk and canada.
she's always gossiping.,
i like having a good gossip now and then.
my brother is a bookworm. he is always reading.,
i am not a bookworm. i do not like to read.
it is possible for pupils in rural communities to take advantage of distance learning educational programmes.,
thanks to distance learning, many students no longer have to attend classes in person, but can study on-line.
mary has enrolled in an advanced painting class last week in order to improve her craft.,
there are currently over 500 students enrolled in our french language program.
it is bad news when youngsters begin to play truant from school.,
he often played truant and wrote his own sick notes.
he is often absent from school.,
she has been absent from his desk for two weeks.
i have to sit an exam next week.,
i'm taking my english exam tomorrow.
students do not need special permission to retake a course.,
may i retake a course for a higher grade?
he works in law enforcement.,
the enforcement of laws relating to environmental protection has always been difficult.
let's start at a slow pace.,
we could walk the entire distance at a slow pace.,
we strolled along at a leisurely pace.
she had to take a formal examination before she could graduate.,
he is preparing for her certification examination.
too many students drop out of college after only one year.,
he dropped out of college after his first semester because of money.,
she dropped out of college in her second year.
i wanted to see how far my son’s concepts went in match when he was a preschooler.,
when i was a preschooler, i had a dentist named dr. williams.
the curriculum at a vocational school is more career-focused.,
the vocational school provides education for young people so that they can qualify themselves.
i had a very productive day of working yesterday.,
our last meeting was very productive.
learning to write is one of the most important things that a child at primary school will learn.,
my sister is a primary school teacher.,
i have studied english since i was in a primary school.
she taught history at a secondary school.,
when i was in a secondary school, all i ever wanted is a job to pay all the bills.
he finally earned a master degree in post-graduate school.,
she is a full-time student on post-graduate school.
he is an attentive student.,
mary asked tom to be attentive during meetings.,
the speaker likes to have an attentive audience.
if you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.,
in order to master a language, you must listen, read, speak, write, in that order.
her linguistic ability served her well in her chosen profession.,
the recruit was tested to have good linguistic ability.
the students were trained to speak fluently and without unnecessary hesitations.,
she speaks several languages fluently.
i've decided to take up a language.,
it's just as important to take up a language you enjoy since it would be helpful in everyday life.
universities are involved in the production and transmission of knowledge.,
it's a cultural transmission of knowledge from generation to generation.
an intensive course of treatment will take at least several days.,
this is an intensive course in business writing.
he didn’t pay attention to details.,
she’s never paid that much attention to his opinions.,
he paid no attention to her warning.
he focused on his studies.,
she focused on her work.
poverty can affect anyone, regardless of age, race, gender or social background.,
despite their different social backgrounds, they became good friends.
many children who make a slow start but then make progress rapidly.,
julia progresses rapidly in her music lessons.
tom soon adapted himself to school life.,
the young adapted themselves to the change quickly.
the class was very interactive during the class discussion.,
the training was very interactive.,
her classes were very interactive; students were reading, writing, talking, and reflecting in meaningful ways.
in his opinion, face to face learning will benefit the learner the most.,
they preferred face-to-face learning for communication purposes.,
learning activities still take place in a face-to-face learning scenario.
i liked the way the professor gave feedbacks to his students.,
once he found a mistake on the unfinished release draft, he gave feedbacks and corrections immediately.
interactive learning is a hands-on approach to help students become more engaged and retain more material.,
each class has been designed to maximise interactive learning, deliberation, and reflection.
some school leavers prefer to start work rather than enter higher education.,
my brother moved to the united kingdom (uk) to continue his higher education.
for every four students who start a vocational course in upper secondary, one drops out.,
peter chose a vocational course at the secondary level.
there are many reasons why pupils disrupt lessons.,
it's very hard to call out pupils who consistently talk or disrupt lessons if you don't know their names.
it is mandatory that all students take two years of english.,
it is mandatory to comply with the legislation.
i found our trip very educational.,
watching television can be very educational.,
science programs are very educational and interesting for both children and adults.
these phrases are more suitable for academic essays.,
he's certainly bright, but he's not very academic.
games offer students a fun-filled and relaxing learning atmosphere.,
new emerging technology makes learning atmosphere pleasant and conductive.
the students took a lot of interest in extra-curricular activities.,
we have extra-curricular activities after school.
the lecturer illustrated his point with a diagram on the blackboard.,
the lecturer would end up her speech with a joke.
history is an academic subject.,
we’ve learnt a variety of academic subjects.
she is a good student. she's never done badly in an exam.,
have you ever done badly in an exam?
if the student wants a copy of his transcript, he should go to the registrar's office.,
each applicant must submit his transcript with his application.
your ability to write about your intern ship experience on your resume is incredibly important.,
jane has a summer intern ship at a local tv station.
we have extracurricular activities after school.,
generally, volunteer activities aren't always extracurricular activities.
advertisements have greatly affected our social and cultural life.,
ethiopia's coffee ceremony is an integral part of their social and cultural life.
tuition fees are free and the teaching methods and facilities are great.,
the tuition fees went up this year.
did they grant tom permission to leave?,
he was granted a patent on his invention.,
he was granted admission to the university.
he lived in a college dormitory.,
she was reading a match textbook in the dormitory.,
he hangs out in the school dormitory.
As for me, every teacher should be able to catch student's attention. It is very important to make your subject interesting to the others
At the moment I'm studying. I’m doing a graduate degree in molecular biology in the University.
Although I’m not keen on studying anymore, I’ve thought about pursuing a master’s degree. My other option is to obtain a certification in education.
Without a bachelor’s degree it is difficult to find a white collar job in my country.
I would still recommend getting a bachelor’s degree because it will help you to achieve success in life.
for those who prefer to research, like completing a Master's degree or a PhD. This can develop a further understanding of a subject and allow the person to develop their research skills. 
Many people who complete these higher levels of education, also teach as a way of sharing their knowledge and gaining respect from their peers.
I think that students should spend some time relaxing during the summer break but should also continue to study and read. 
A better way to make use of all of that time off is to get an internship or other work experience that will be useful for their resume.