Pour some milk into a coffee mug, please.  
Pour some tea into the cups.  
Tom fed his leftover food to his dog.  
They always have leftover food.  
A tray for catering food or drinks.  
This restaurant is famous for its spicy cuisine.  
The city is known for its excellent and diverse cuisine.  
He likes cheese, veggie, and I like fish.  
We grow our own veggies at home.  
He decided to turn vegan after watching a video about how poultry is raised.  
He was a poet, an anarchist, and a vegan.  
The restaurant is famous for its succulent chocolate cake.  
The apple was very succulent.  
He could not stop eating the delectable dish.  
Warm biscuits make a delectable snack.  
We have good food and stay healthy eating habits.  
Many people realize that healthy eating habits can help support a healthy weight.  
Since a vegetarian diet is believed to be better for heath, many people, nowadays, tend to choose to become vegetarians.  
A vegetarian diet has been found to reduce the risk of heart disease, obesity, and some types of cancer.  
Seaweed is one of the rare plant foods that contains DHA with many health benefits.  
Protein is found in a wide variety of both animal and plant foods.  
Organic plant foods are manufactured without using conventional fertilizers and pesticides.  
My mom tends to choose foods that are high in fiber and low in calories.  
All grains are high in fiber, but not all of them are packed with nutrition.  
His clothing was inadequate for the harsh weather conditions.  
The water supply is inadequate to provide water for all the people in the city.  
Our school facilities are inadequate for foreign students.  
The restaurant serves a lot of tasty food for customers.  
These apples are tasty to eat.  
Unfortunately, potato crisps are fattening.  
These cakes are very fattening - do not eat too many!
Consumers shall have the right to be informed of food hygiene and safety, to select and use proper food
If you want to teach your children about food hygiene, start with the basics that talking to them about bacteria and germs.  
The meal the children made didn’t look very appetizing, but it tasted pretty good.  
The roast beef is very appetizing.  
The rice is ripe for harvest.  
My kids actually like the taste of ripe cherries.  
Make sure the plums are fully ripe before you eat them.  
The chicken is overcooked.  
Some meat is overcooked.  
I am grilling fish.  
A chef needs to learn to chop, roasting, and grilling.  
He nearly dropped the plate of roast beef.  
I personally would rather roast a chicken whole.  
My aunt and uncle made a delicious roast beef for dinner when we visited them.  
My girlfriend prefers to steam carrots rather than boil them.  
Steamed fish and vegetables.  
I’m making a stew for lunch.  
She served him a bowl of beef stew.  
She only eats a small portion of food.  
Have you eaten your portion of vegetables today?
Tom ate a spoonful of peanut butter.  
A spoonful of honey.  
A spoonful of sugar.  
The flavors are sweet, sour, salty, and bitter.  
Many customers in the restaurant found the coffee too bitter to drink.  
The fruits flesh is crunchy and watery in texture, similar to cucumber.  
I love the crunchy texture of fresh lettuce.  
Tom ate crispy, crunchy biscuits.  
They gave him salty water to make him vomit.  
Sea water is salty.  
Do you prefer sweet or savory food?
The steak is very savory; the flavor is tremendous.  
The ginger gives the dish a wonderful spicy flavor.  
She’s used to eating spicy food every day.  
There’s nothing like mom’s home-made food to cheer you up.  
What kinds of home-made food do you like?
Wholemeal bread is more nutritious than white bread.  
Doing lots of exercises won’t keep you healthy if you don’t eat nutritious food as well.  
Nutritious foods help us to maintain good health.  
We’re dining in tonight.  
The coupon can only be used when dining in at ABC. 
Instead of dining out, we ordered a couple of pizzas.  
Dining out frequently is expensive.  
We eat at home a lot, so dining out sometimes is a nice change.  
Her husband is a very fussy eater, and he’s never pleased with her cooking.  
He eats anything.   
He’s not a fussy eater.  
I love home-cooked food.   
My favorite dish is Charismas fried rice.  
I love to try new recipes, and I love home-cooked food that tastes really good.  
We usually dine at a restaurant that’s in a walking distance of our home.  
The waitress came round with a tray of mouth-watering cream cakes.  
There is plenty of mouth-watering, delicious food on the table. 
Pure food is safer and more filling than processed food.  
We eat more processed food than natural food.  
There’s enough time for a quick snack.  
We didn’t have time for lunch so we just grabbed a quick snack.  
Tom could not restrain his hunger and immediately went to the nearest fast- food restaurant.  
The girl was unable to restrain her hunger.  
I had a slap up meal and a nice few bottles of beer while I was watching sport on TV.  
He greeted us like old friends and we had a slap up meal like the old time.  
I was starving hungry and ate the whole roast chicken.  
I’m starving hungry.   
Where can I get something to eat?
We usually have our main meal of the day in the evening. 
She made chicken for the main meal.  
They are scared of dying of hunger.  
He hasn’t eaten all day.   
He is dying of hunger!
It is important to eat a balanced diet and control portion size.  
I try to drink plenty of water and eat a balanced diet with lots of leafy greens.  
She’s very thin but she eats like a horse!
If you are very hungry, you can eat like a horse.  
When she bakes a cake, she follows a recipe.  
Carmen always follows a recipe when she makes a cake.  
You paid for lunch last week.   
Let me foot the bill for dinner tonight.  
She ordered drinks and then left him to foot the bill!
I need a few minutes to grab a bite to eat. 
I usually grab a bite to eat before I see a film.  
Let’s grab a bite to eat if you didn’t have lunch yet.  
I have a sweet tooth, so I will definitely have dessert!
Mary eats candy all the time.   
She must have a sweet tooth.  
He plays with his food, and all he wants is his milk.  
She just plays with her food, she’s not really hungry.  
I didn’t take biscuits, as it will spoil my appetite when I go for lunch.  
The school-age kid spoils his appetite for dinner because he ate too many snacks after school.  
He has not had a chance to wine and dine with her yet.  
The company wined and dined the prospective clients.  
The ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive.  
She tried to turn her ingredients into delicious meals.  
Pancakes are my specialty.  
Oysters are a local specialty of the area.  
Habitual overeating had distended the boy’s stomach.  
She is sick from overeating.  
Obese people find it difficult to stop overeating.
I love to cook. Honestly, I don’t think I can cook very well but I always try my best. I consider it one of my hobbies.
I can say, lunch is my main meal. I usually skip breakfast and I just have light dinner.
I think foreign people are always eager to try local and exotic foods. Tourists and foreigners eat our local and traditional foods in my country.
We eat rice for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Rice comes with different kinds of viand such as pork, beef or chicken cooked with vegetables or fruits and other ingredients.
Since my country is located in the tropics, tropical fruits are also popular here especially mangoes.
There are already a lot of fast food restaurants. Processed foods have become popular as well. 
I think people these days do not eat as much healthy foods compared in the past. I think people in the past are more concerned of eating at the right time. 
there are many choices of healthy food especially vegetables and fruits. I do not think that people eat much healthy foods nowadays because of the presence of fast food and processed foods.
I do think that everyone should know the basics. It definitely isn't healthy to rely on pre-prepared meals or fast food.
I cook three meals a day because where I live it is simply too expensive to go out to eat and I have no one else to cook for me.
I am probably best at cooking vegetarian dishes because I grew up in a veggie household, but I’m not a vegetarian myself and I know how to make a decent roast chicken.
it is a really important life skill that children should learn when they are young. Being able to cook allows you to live a healthy life without relying on junk food and other snacks.
You need to mix the yeast and water and leave them for a while, and then you pretty much just combine all the ingredients together in a big plastic bowl and mix them until they form a dough.
Cooking together can forge deeper relationships between people. It requires patience and communication, and is an opportunity for wisdom to flow from one generation to the next. 
People do not really need to cook but it is still useful for them to learn. We can go out to restaurants or order take-out, but cooking will always remain an important skill. 
Knowing how to cook can allow you to have more control over your diet.
I do not like the idea of spending so much time in the messy kitchen preparing various kinds of ingredients, cutting some veggies or meat, and right after I have to wash pots or completely tidy up the mess.
I think street food is a staple around here. You can find bustling food stalls all around our nation, and they are my go-tos for a cheap and cheerful meal.
I mean gourmet restaurants are nice and all, but street food is what our country is all about.
Cooking is my forte. I developed a passion for culinary arts when I first watched the cooking show Masterchef. I have learnt a lot of recipes and I can easily whip up a good dinner.