The world is gradually becoming a puppet to computers be it in their utilization in business, medicine, police or aircraft. 
Computers would be used in controlling teaching in classrooms to driving cars in the coming years. 
Despite its numerous benefits, I believe we should always be circumspect of its development.
To begin with, classroom teaching would undergo a massive change when computers take over teachers in the future. 
As computer are faster, accurate and relatively easy to integrate, it would be a huge relief for the students who many times struggle contemplating their instructor's lectures. 
Consequently, the children would get a ton of quality information bestowed on them as the progress and outreach of the internet would greatly magnify in the coming years.
Secondly, driving is another domain where computers would dominate. Manual transmission would become completely obsolete as automatic transmission would take over in the future. 
There would be no pedals, brakes, clutches or steering wheels and the driver may just control his car with the push of a button whilst starting his journey but sitting and relaxing through the rest of the journey otherwise.
Although the computer has a ton of advantages, its glaring disadvantages cannot be overlooked. 
I believe we should be more circumspect while bestowing computers or laptops to our children because addiction to the same could be career destroyer for the minors. 
This especially true nowadays with the copious amounts of games available online. 
Online advertisements too, tempt us to give our personal details like bank information and passwords which ultimately results in getting us cheated by fraudsters.
To conclude, despite its advantageous usage in a plethora of fields now and its potential mammoth uses in the future, its bleak aspects should be scrutinized in parallel.
The internet has revolutionized the way we search and share data in the recent years, this free flow of information has a beneficial impact on the society. 
However, the detrimental effects such as addiction and encouragement of sedentary lifestyle must be taken into account.
First of all, it is indisputable fact that the internet encourages sedentary life style. 
people do not care about the time spent on their computers or smart phones
internet users may suffer from eye strain as well as symptoms of poor vision due to continuous exposure to screens. 
Finally, addiction is considered the most harmful impact of this technology, which may lead to isolation and changes in social behaviour of the affected individuals.
Nevertheless, there are possible solutions to tackle these problems such as organizing awareness campaigns which inform citizens of these negative impacts. 
Moreover, in order to ensure their success, it is preferable to be with the use of high spokesperson such as popular football player who has great influence on people. 
Another possible solution is to motivate people to do physical exercise regularly or play sports and to spend their time in much more beneficial activities. 
Furthermore, governments can facilitate this by providing various sports’ facilities with reasonable prices.
In conclusion, despite the various drawbacks of internet technology, there are potential solutions to overcome these, by exercising regularly as well as making awareness campaigns.
Nuclear technology brought a variety of contributions in our society. Nuclear power and weapons are some of it. 
The former is an affordable and environmental friendly source of energy while the latter is believed to be a help in deterring major wars from happening. 
However, there are drawbacks around it and for me, it weigh more than its benefits.
Nuclear energy is forseen to be a viable solution to the impending scarcity of energy due to depletion of fossil fuels. 
In addition to that, it does not produce green house gases that can pollute the environment. 
The cost of the operating expenses is also lower and it can lead to inexpensive electricity. 
Meanwhile, nuclear weapons help maintain world peace because nations that posses it are far less likely to be attacked. 
Thus, diplomatic talks work out since no country wants to get into conflict.
Nevertheless, this technology has fair share of disadvantages. 
One of it is the radioactive materials it contain which produces radioactive waste as a by-product. 
Exposure on it can lead to diseases like cancer or other disabilities. 
Aside from that, there are certain phenomenon or accidents that can not be avoided despite the high security standards applied. 
For instance, the Fukushima and Chernobyl disasters, wherein thousands of people died and are still suffering from its aftermath. 
The surrounding is also affected with contaminants and is not a safe for any creature as it is tested after so many years and yet traces of radiations are still present. 
Additionally, regarding with the atomic bombs, a little error with these can annihilate a country or can even result to end the world.
Therefore, even if this technology has numerous of advantages, I do believe that there are other options such as the solar power and wind mill generations as an alternative source of energy. 
Also, I stand firm regarding the risks that comes with it is far bigger and more devastating not only to human beings but also to the place they live in.
New technology utilisation has seen a dramatic growth in a lot of sectors in all the develop countries, such as Europe, North America, Canada, etc.. 
It is predictable that in the future the use of this technology, and more specifically the intelligent part of it, will expand up to cover quite all the human activities.
Obviously, it is undeniable that the future applications of intelligent machines could have a positive impact on the human life. 
Firstly, every industrial business can benefit of this new type of working process, because the repetitive and mechanic operations could be done by machines, which are well know that posses the ability to redo every step one like the others with a higher precision and a faster speed than a man. 
Consequently, this benefit could lead to another positive factor, more important for the men and woman. 
In fact, all the highest intellectual jobs, such as organization, problem and solution, art and design, will be conducted by human resources, because of their creativity and their ability to change their mind according to the situation.
On the contrary, there are negative aspects to study regarding the future use of robots. 
The first thing to consider is that will be a huge number of people that will lose their job, and because of their low specialization they will not be able to occupy the “intellectual position” as mention in the previous paragraph. 
Moreover, the biggest fear of every man is that machine will be not only intelligent but also smarter than the man itself.
In conclusion, the difficult balance between positive and negative aspect of the future use of robot is fragile. 
If business and men can benefit of a better organized job, on the other hand we see the fear of losing job and be overtake by the intelligent machines.
Looking ahead, some people believe that robots will be doing everything instead of humans. 
Artificial intelligence is growing very fast and there would be a plausible future in which machines coexist with human beings.
The benefits of having machines working instead of people are several. 
The most important one is the fact that humans will not have to put their lives at risk working in dangerous jobs such as firefighters or policemen. 
In addition, physical works could be developed in a more efficient way by machines than by men as they will not feel exhaustion or tiredness. 
Another reason in favour of having robots doing our jobs is that, as I said, they will be more efficient and the task will be done always in the same way, avoiding human interpretations of the same thing, 
using intelligent robots the human error factor is eliminated. 
This can suppose a great advance in areas like, for example, medicine, where surgical mistakes would be a thing of the past if the robots start to lead the interventions.
On the other hand, there will be some disadvantages as well. 
Firstly, introducing clever machines in our society will have as a consequence the reduction in the job availability for the population
it is highly probable that companies will show a preference in hiring a machine, which will not complain about anything and will not need free time, above employing a person. 
This argument leads me to my second negative point, which is the lack of humanity that would be in some jobs. 
Imagine a robot telling you bad news such as an incurable illness or the death of a relative. 
It will not show any empathy or care about your feelings. 
The final reason why having machines instead of human beings will be a bad idea is the robots impossibility of being creative. 
Art, music, literacy and other artistic professions would be destined to disappear as machines will not be able to imagine new things or draft an unreal picture in their minds.
In conclusion, technology development is always positive, especially if it is done with the intention of making human life easier. 
Although robots will improve our lives in terms of efficiency and safety, there would be also a price to pay for it that could be quite high. People need human contact in every aspect of their life, after all, this is what make as a society.
In the recent years, the use of texting throught smartphones' apps have started changing the way yourng people communicate among each others. 
Several research have been carried out on the topic, and outcomes have been quite inconsistent. 
Some reported a decrease in standard written English, others no impact at all on how children build sentences. 
Before reaching out my own conclusion, I will analyze the subject, providing examples of my reasonings.
A language is divided into speech and writing. We do not talk as we write, and viceversa. 
The advent of text messaging has allowed communications to be faster. 
This is because how words are abbreviated. In addition, thanks to the introduction of icons, the text reflects more the personality of the sender. 
For example, smiling or sad icons act as surrogates to our body language. 
The use of emoticons convey our feelings, leaving no doubts about our emotions over a subject or situation. However, the use of cut-words reduces a child's ability to spell names correctly.
Studies reported that bilingual children analyze tasks and learn quickly then the ones who only speak one language. 
This is also the case with texism. Have you ever read a teenager's message? It really is a new langauge.
These days it is common to observe children spending significant amounts of time on electronic devices such as computers and tablets. 
In my opinion, the drawbacks of allowing children to do this outweigh any advantages. 
The benefit of this development is that it will keep children occupied. 
There is no doubt that raising children and taking care of them can be stressful at times for parents so allowing them to play on a device means that the parents can have a break and not have to continuously entertain them. 
This could potentially mean improved family relationships.
However, there are several disadvantages. Firstly, children's free time can be better utilised with other activities. 
Although they may learn some technological skills, they mostly just play games, and in any case computer skills are now taught in school. 
Of much more benefit is encouraging children to spend their free time interacting with other children, playing with normal toys, and playing other games outside, which will foster their creative, cognitive, and social skills.
In addition to this there is growing evidence that it can also have negative health impacts. 
Research reported in the media claims that it can possibly damage the eyes of a child when looking at screens for long periods. Studies also indicate children using these devices may have more difficulty sleeping, something which is crucial for mental development.
In conclusion, the drawbacks of allowing children to use computers and tablets outweigh the benefits. 
While it may give parents more time, it could damage their mental and physical development.
It is rare these days to find someone who does not communicate and interact with others through a cell phone or the internet as they are widespread throughout society. 
I believe that the benefits of this development outweigh the drawbacks. 
One main negative consequence of this development is that people may have become disconnected in relation to conversing with each other face-to-face. 
People now tend to use their cell phones or the internet to communicate, but rather than actually speaking, they send a message. Some of the most popular applications are WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and Line, all of which encourage messaging. 
The result of this is that people may lack the benefits of engaging with others in conversation and the closeness this brings. 
Despite this, there are several important advantages as well. 
Firstly, the internet and cell phones mean that people can stay connected however far away they are from each other. 
For instance, these days, many people live in different countries or go travelling in different countries. 
Cell phones and the internet mean that parents can easily keep in touch with their children who are on holiday and people who immigrate to live abroad can easily communicate with their loved ones when needed. 
In addition to this, the internet means that people also interact with strangers and increase their knowledge of other cultures because through such things as Facebook, people connect to all sorts of people around the world, becoming friends and also discussing and exchanging knowledge. 
In conclusion, although a disadvantage of the internet and cell phones is the lack of face-to-face conversation, they have improved the way we can stay in contact with loved ones and exchange ideas with new people. 
Overall then, this is a positive development for society. 
It is evident that technology has transformed the ways of communication and influenced relationships in a variety of ways. 
In my opinion, there are both positive and negative effects of this.
The principal way in which relationships have been affected is that they tend to be at a distance rather than face-to-face. 
The advent of the internet has made it easy for business owners to communicate across the world, with remote job opportunities one call away. 
Online educational programs are available for people residing in different countries, and it is no longer a dream to attend live classes from the comfortable environment of a home. 
Based on this perspective, technology has influenced relationships in a positive way. 
However, despite these advances, the quality of interaction has significantly declined in several respects. 
If people are developing most of their relationships online, this means that they may also have less fact-to-face contact. 
This kind of contact on a personal level is important for human beings to feel wanted and a part of society. 
This may be a particular problem for children's social development as they used to be seen playing out on the streets but are now too often indoors. 
Technology can also mean people are detached from what is going on around them even when they are out, as can be seen by the many people staring into their mobile phones as they travel or walk around. 
In conclusion, technology has brought some positive development in the ways people interact with each other. 
However, there are also some negative impacts of technology on the types of relationships people make.
despite the worries over the use of text messaging and how this would affect how young people learn to write standard English
teachers should innovate the way they teach and capture pupils' interest over such subjects. 
In fact, they should adopt creative techniques to make sure children know the difference between the two ways of writing. 
I always shut down the computer at night. I backup my files to a hard drive and I always keep hard copies of important documents. 
I am very careful with my privacy settings, especially in wireless hotspot.
Emerging technology has the capacity to change our lives in so many ways. 
Robots and artificial intelligence are both reducing the amount of tedious work required in a wide range of industries and professions.
All the information we require is available on the Internet, so everyone should be able to boot up a computer, log in and know how to use a search engine. 
Everyone should have access to the Internet so that they can surf the web.
I have bought a mobile phone online. Online shops offer me the opportunity to choose from different kinds of cellphones without having to walk from one shop to another.
I use email every day to communicate with friends, family and work. I rely on it for work, talking to students, clients and booking appointments.
I know they are being developed right now to be intelligent and read about them in the news so that they can communicate and perform tasks. 
I read an article recently about how two robots developed their own language of code.